CACO Ordinatored Patch Notes

Original Author: Servant of Sin
Modified for SE by: Teabag86, Kryptopyr, and Rusey

Patch uses the Ordinator tree and ties the CACO unlocks to the Ordinator Perks.
This way you get Ordinator's balance with CACO's new recipes and changes.
There are a few minor tweaks as detailed below to maintain balance. 

Fixes:
Deep Freeze effects carried over from Ordinator.
Catalyst perk added to respec script from Ordinator.
Feed the Monster perk from the Conjuration tree of Ordinator now uses Raw Hominid Meat.

Merged Tree Changes:
Physician - Create poultices, tonics, and healing salves. Health regenerates 15% faster. You may choose a type of beneficial potion: Health, Magicka or Stamina. Potions you mix that restore or fortify the chosen attribute are 50% stronger.
Poisoner - Poisons you mix are 0.5% more powerful per level of Alchemy.
World Serpent (Catalyst) - Create explosive concoctions and specially formulated toxins. After a shout retaliate with a powerful poisonous strike that deals 50 points of poison damage over 10 seconds.
Pure Mixture - All negative effects are removed from created potions, and all positive effects are removed from created poisons. Beneficial potions you create now weigh less.
Witch Master (Anatomist) - Extract and preserve the potent properties available in blood and organs allowing you to tap the hidden essence. When you use a beneficial potion or ingredient, 50% chance to receive a powerful side effect, randomly chosen from a range of 40 side effects.
Chymical Wedding (Chymist) - Refine ingredients, create purified extracts and essences, and distill potions to concentrate their effects. Witchmaster side effects have 50% chance to cause side effects themselves.
Snakeblood - Consuming ingredients allows you to gradually become more proficient at detecting their subtle properties. Your resistance to poisons and toxicity increases with the number of ingredients you consume.
Naturalist - Increased chance of harvesting additional ingredients from flora.
Lab Skeever (Field Alchemist)- For 20 seconds after using any alchemy lab, beneficial potions you drink last 15 times longer. Create 50% more effective potions in the field using just a mortar and pestle.
Bottomless Cup - All poisons you create now weigh less. Poisons applied to weapons last longer, up to 3x as long at 100 Skill.
Still ASIS Friendly

Recommended load order
Ordinator - Perks of Skyrim.esp
Complete Alchemy & Cooking Overhaul.esp
CACO_Ordinator_Patch.esp

Changelog:
V1.05
Added "Names" bash tag.

V1.04
Fixed Snakeblood perk

V1.03
Changed CACO load screens to reflect Ordinator perk changes
Added CACO Bonemeal grinding recipes to Ordinator bones unlocked with the Conjuration perk Bonecollector

V1.02
Converted Patch to ESL flagged ESP to save a space in the load order.
Added changelog

V1.01
Removed Wisman Flora Fixes dependency

V1.0
Initial release

Credits
Servant of Sin of the original patch https://www.nexusmods.com/skyrim/mods/70272
EnaiSiaion for Ordinator https://www.nexusmods.com/skyrimspecialedition/mods/1137
Kryptopyr for CACO https://www.nexusmods.com/skyrimspecialedition/mods/19924